Update readme with public info (#1)
airbrake/airbrake-cli: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://airbrake-github-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/brand/airbrake-full-logo.png" width="200">
</p>

# Airbrake CLI

The official command-line tool to interact with [Airbrake.io](https://airbrake.io/).

## Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Username and password](#log-in-with-username-and-password)
  - [GitHub and SSO logins](#log-in-or-run-commands-without-a-username-and-password)
- [Command usage](#command-usage)
  - [Basic commands](#basic-commands)
  - [Going further](#going-further)

## Installation

### Homebrew

```

> brew install airbrake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brew tap airbrake/airbrake-cli
brew install airbrake
```

```

## Authentication

### Log in with Username and Password

Log in to Airbrake by issuing the following command:

```
airbrake login
```

The `login` command will prompt you for your email, password, and an optional subdomain ([account subdomains](https://airbrake.io/docs/airbrake-faq/what-is-my-subdomain/) are used to differentiate if you have multiple Airbrake accounts using the same email address).

```
Enter your email: myemail@example.com
Enter your password:
Enter your subdomain (optional):
Done! The Airbrake CLI is configured for myemail@example.com
```

Completing the `login` command will generate a file in `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml` with contents like:

```
project-key: ""
user-key: ""
user-token: YOUR_USER_TOKEN
```
### Log in, or run commands, without a username and password

> If your account requires GitHub logins, or an SSO login, you cannot use the `login` command. To authenticate in this situation, you must specify either the `--user-key` or `--project-key` flags to the Airbrake CLI, or configure your `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your account requires GitHub or SSO login, or you have you two factor-authentication enabled, you cannot use the `login` command. To authenticate in this situation, you must specify either the `--user-key` or `--project-key` flags to the Airbrake CLI, or configure your `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml` file.
```

We should probably also mention the `airbrake config` command and its sub-commands, possibly instead of mentioning the `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml` file explicitly.

The following are global flags for the `airbrake` command.

```
Flags:
      --config string        config file (default is $HOME/.airbrake.yaml)
      --project-key string   Project key used to access the API
      --user-key string      User key used to access the API
```

Instead of passing the flags to the command, you can set environment variables corresponding to the flags. The name of the environment variable must begin with `AB_` and be followed by the upper case version of the command flag with hyphens converted to underscores, e.g. `AB_USER_KEY` for the `user-key` flag.

```
export AB_USER_KEY=yourkey
airbrake projects list
```

> Another alternative is to create a config file with your user key in it. Create a file in the default location, `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml`, with the following contents:

Reviewer: Like above, I think we should point users to the `airbrake config` command and sub-commands here. `airbrake config edit` seems to make sense for what we're describing.

Author: Agreed! Updated with mentions to the `airbrake config` command instead.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://airbrake-github-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/brand/airbrake-full-logo.png" width="200">
</p>

# Airbrake CLI

The official command-line tool to interact with [Airbrake.io](https://airbrake.io/).

## Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Username and password](#log-in-with-username-and-password)

>   - [GitHub and SSO logins](#log-in-or-run-commands-without-a-username-and-password)

Reviewer 2: What do you think of replacing `Github and SSO logins` with 2 sections called `Config file` and `Global  auth`? I feel like config should come before the global flags since it's more convenient and likely to be a preferred auth strategy, while global flags seem like an override that would sometimes be handy.

```diff
+ - Authentication
+   - Username and password
-   - GitHub and SSO logins
+   - Config file
+   - Global flags
```

> - [Command usage](#command-usage)

Reviewer 2: What do you think of calling this section `Commands`?

  - [Install command](#install-command)
  - [Basic commands](#basic-commands)
  - [Going further](#going-further)

## Installation

### Homebrew

```
brew tap airbrake/airbrake-cli
brew install airbrake
```

## Authentication

### Log in with Username and Password

Log in to Airbrake by issuing the following command:

```
airbrake login
```

The `login` command will prompt you for your email, password, and an optional subdomain ([account subdomains](https://airbrake.io/docs/airbrake-faq/what-is-my-subdomain/) are used to differentiate if you have multiple Airbrake accounts using the same email address).

```
Enter your email: myemail@example.com
Enter your password:
Enter your subdomain (optional):
Done! The Airbrake CLI is configured for myemail@example.com
```

Completing the `login` command will generate a file in `$HOME/.airbrake.yaml` with contents like:

```
project-key: ""
user-key: ""
user-token: YOUR_USER_TOKEN
```
### Log in, or run commands, without a username and password

> If your account requires GitHub or SSO login, or you have you two factor-authentication enabled, you cannot use the `login` command. To authenticate in this situation, you must specify either the `--user-key` flag to the Airbrake CLI, or configure the Airbrake CLI with your user key.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this note should be in the Login with user/pass section above so they can avoid trying what won't work for them.

The following are global flags for the `airbrake` command.

```
Flags:
      --config string        config file (default is $HOME/.airbrake.yaml)
      --project-key string   Project key used to access the API
      --user-key string      User key used to access the API
```

Instead of passing the flags to individual commands, you can set credentials using the `airbrake config set` command. To set your user key (which can be retreived from [your profile settings page](https://airbrake.io/users/edit)) with the `config set` command, invoke:

```
airbrake config set user-key YOUR_USER_KEY_HERE
```

To check the values the Airbrake CLI is using, invoke:

```
airbrake config show
```

## Install command

The Airbrake CLI offers an installation command which supports Ruby, Rails, Go, C#, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Python, Swift, and TypeScript via the install command:

```
# Use the --project-id flag if you already have an Airbrake project in your account
airbrake install --project-id 12345

# Or have the install command create a new Airbrake project:
airbrake install --create-project=DESIRED_PROJECT_NAME
```

> ## Command usage

Reviewer 2: I think this probably was intended to be a parent header above the `Install Command` section.
